docs: clarify PrivateLink AllowedPrincipals differs for BYOC vs private (#3169)
estuary/flow: site/docs/private-byoc/privatelink.md

You can create or manage your endpoint services on the [AWS VPC dashboard](https://console.aws.amazon.com/vpc/). As you do so:

* Specify the NLB you created.
* Safelist the AWS principal that will create the connecting endpoint, so it's allowed to reach your VPC endpoint service. Which principal this is depends on your deployment type:

>   * **BYOC deployments**: safelist your own AWS account (`arn:aws:iam::<your-account-id>:root`). PrivateLink connections are provisioned through the IAM role you created for Estuary during BYOC setup, which lives in your own account.

Reviewer: Adding least-privilege alternative as BYOC endpoints are always created by assuming the single role that the customer provisions.

```suggestion
  * **BYOC deployments**: safelist your own AWS account (`arn:aws:iam::<your-account-id>:root`), or - to be more restrictive - the specific IAM role you created for Estuary during BYOC setup (`arn:aws:iam::<your-account-id>:role/<estuary-role>`). PrivateLink connections are provisioned by assuming that role, which lives in your own account.
```
